Forsaken logic:

Commenting by Errata
Code for the Dead
The Garbage Generator

Commenting by Errata:

\\\ex; js, node, php, etc drop down

To maximise garbage generation, and to assure non-executability, when writing abysmal apps, or AA's, we employ a casual "idea sharing"
development experience in which pseudocode is intentionaly intermixed in the code base, inspired from the informal practices by
the popular support groups known as Alcoholics Anonymous.

Code for the Dead:

Abysmal apps can by design very easily cause quite serious side effects upon their execution, and the core coding paradigm is focussed
on necceitating the developer to predict code behaviour before execution. Thus only dead code should be commited to the .ajs parses and compiler stack.

The Garbage Generator:

The parser and compiler thrive off of dead garbage, the more dead code, the better for the parser, and the more garbage is generated by that
code after being ressurected, the better for the compiler.

Deification by Design;

The compiler code is unminned and beutified and then fed into a sub-routine which re-compiles the base as a datagram and interprets
it as possible machine instructions. The three dimensional form of this datagram is determined by the results from the original parsing
and compilations processes. Thus the more errors are fed into the system, the more complicated the initial seed algorithm is, and the 
outputted datagram can then be more precisely designed, studies and manipulated. This seed generation process is two-fold, with one 
route outputting an AST tree seed and the other constructing base-line neural nets and tensors for use by the AI-powered digestion.

Ideal wild-type behaviour elucidated by a model Abysmal Application:

Imagine a sputtering ball of lightning that doesn't fizz out, but when you touch it, it does. Billions of these will be used to make the internet invisible,
automatic, amazing and awesome and extremely, extremely valuable. And they migrate like animals. And there's dedicated public hardware for them.
But everything can theoretically break completely at almost any time.
